Create ui-c8y-1023-48-0-api-documentation-and-tryout-app-11330.md (#4328)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-48-0-api-documentation-and-tryout-app-11330.md

---
date: ""

> title: API documentation and interactive tryout app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New application added to read OpenAPI REST specification
```

> title: New application added to read OpenAPI REST specification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New application added to read RestAPI documentation
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65515
version: 1023.48.0
---

> A new application allows you to read the Open API REST specification on your instance. Previously, understanding how API endpoints work required external tools or manual testing against your own environment. Now you can experiment with API calls in real-time within the documentation interface, making it easier to learn the API capabilities and validate your integration approaches before implementing them in your applications. This improvement reduces the learning curve for developers working with the Cumulocity IoT platform and helps you quickly understand the expected request and response formats for various API operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new application allows you to read the Open API REST specification on your instance. Previously, understanding how API endpoints work required external tools or manual testing against your own environment. Now you can experiment with API calls in real time within the documentation interface, making it easier to learn the API capabilities and validate your integration approaches before implementing them in your applications. This improvement reduces the learning curve for developers working with the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform and helps you quickly understand the expected request and response formats for various API operations.
```

> A new application allows you to read the Open API REST specification on your instance. Previously, understanding how API endpoints work required external tools or manual testing against your own environment. Now you can experiment with API calls in real time within the documentation interface, making it easier to learn the API capabilities and validate your integration approaches before implementing them in your applications. This improvement reduces the learning curve for developers working with the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform and helps you quickly understand the expected request and response formats for various API operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new application lets you read the OpenAPI REST specification on your instance. Previously, understanding how API endpoints work required external tools or manual testing against your own environment. Now you can experiment with API calls in real time within the documentation interface, making it easier to learn the API capabilities and validate your integration approaches before implementing them in your applications. This improvement reduces the learning curve for developers working with the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform and helps you quickly understand the expected request and response formats for various API operations.
```
